there you are a few thousand feet up in
the air
you're surrounded by walls although it
doesn't quite feel like it
right now you're on a plane and if you
look down
you can see the ocean above you
there's the sky and to your sides the
clouds
that's right you can see through walls
well you're not a superhero but you can
see through these walls
that's because they're transparent still
when you look around you can sort of
make out what the limits of the walls
are
this means that you'll be constantly
reminded you're flying on an aircraft
you're not floating or falling a few
thousand feet down
the scenery is all yours to take in you
can even see a bit of the earth's
curvature from up here
our planes are still not transparent to
this day
they're made from good old aluminum such
walls are trusted
and provide us with sturdy security the
experience of flying on a transparent
plane
would have us feeling like we're the
ones flying
like eagles soaring through the sky
without the help of
any aircraft consider a regular plane
aluminum walls big wings just an overall
massive aircraft
now see these windows let's widen them a
bit
okay now they're wide just like the
windows we find on trains
and when you look out of them you can
see a lot more
but let's remove the windows altogether
for now the aircraft
is now a huge dark box on the side of
this airplane
let's insert one big window that would
go from the bottom up
and from the tail of the aircraft right
to the cockpit
the same goes to the other side this by
itself would already create a huge
panoramic scenery
in fact you might need a pair of
sunglasses to not be blinded by the sun
imagine you're going skydiving jumping
out of a plane
although terrifying provides you with an
unmatched scenery
since you're so high up you put your
parachute backpack on
safety glasses so your eyes are safe
correct skydiving attire
and you're ready to go the scenery you
would see from a transparent aircraft
would be similar to the one when you
jump out of a plane
but with none of the terrifying risks or
feelings
plus when you skydive you'll always be
on your way down
while on a transparent plane you're able
to see the show
sitting in a comfortable seat and flying
at a steady altitude
okay an engine might be tough to make
transparent
and the wings too there's a very
delicate system in those and we can't
mess with it
but let's say that the whole body of the
aircraft where the passengers are
is transparent looking around you can't
see any of the walls
you're at the airport ready to board the
plane you're about to board
is transparent you enter the bus
a regular kind and it takes you to where
the plane is
the aircraft is breathtaking all by
itself
the body is transparent but the wings
are white
and so is the tail and cockpit before
entering
you notice that you can make out the
entire shape of the plane
not just the visible colored parts
that's because even though the plane is
a clear object
it bends the light as it passes through
it
take this glass of water as an example
it's on a table
and you can clearly see it however
you're actually only seeing the
background of where the glass filled
with water is
that's because of light refraction this
means your brain is able to deduce the
presence
and the shape of the glass because of
the distortion just like it does to the
plane
when you enter even the seats are
transparent so as not to break the
trip's immersion
still to help people see them better
they're outlined with black paint
in fact all the necessary and important
objects are
if you're afraid of heights this might
not be a fun trip
the plane's about to take off and the
struggle to get a window seat
or to try and peek through your sitting
neighbor's window is over
the whole plane is your window
the takeoff begins you can feel and see
the plane moving
you look down and it feels like the
highway strip is moving faster and
faster
but it has nothing to do with the strip
it's the plane that's moving
suddenly you're off the ground your
heart starts beating a bit faster
you're excited you're thousands of feet
up in the air
and you can see absolutely everything
birds that are flying at the same
altitude as planes might have difficulty
seeing the plane
and not only birds but other pilots too
if most of the plane's body is
transparent who's to say pilots will be
able to see it so far up in the air
they'll have to rely on communication
and their radars
more work for the people down there at
the air traffic control stations
what if instead of fully transparent
walls or even
translucent there are displays replacing
aluminum walls and windows
firstly this means the aircraft would
weigh less than regular ones
which means less fuel to move it might
pose a concern
as to whether they can handle the
pressure so better
and improved technology would probably
need to be developed
it might become a bit more aerodynamic
too since
any interruption in the surface creates
drag
[Music]
with displays instead of windows you
could be flying above anywhere
yet you'd be able to choose the place
where you want to be in
take this you're flying across the ocean
at noon
on your private jet it's a very
beautiful sight
but you've seen it a dozen times it's
not your first
rodeo with a transparent plane you feel
like you want to be in paris right now
and since the jet is yours you call the
shots
you press a switch choose a location and
you're right in the center of paris
overlooking the eiffel tower
okay but now you want to watch your
favorite tv show
you can just grab your remote and press
play now your windows are just like a
big lcd screen
playing whatever show you like since
they're displays
your jet might even have software that
allows you to do anything you'd normally
do on a computer
you catch your flight at 1pm but you
have an important meeting at 2pm
on this plane that's not a problem you
can just open up a conference app on
your wall display
set up a professional background and
you're good to go
and with a good pair of earbuds the
noise the plane makes while flying will
be barely noticeable
it's like you're at an office an office
that's a few thousand feet up in the air
and moving at incredible speeds and
who knows maybe in the distant future
these transparent jets and planes won't
only become real
but will also be able to choose when
they become visible or not with the
press of a button
what about transparent cars those can
already be made
there's a company that made an acrylic
car they made it to show off some
security features inside the car
and it worked out perfectly the outside
of the vehicle
was fully transparent and you were able
to see the engine
security features airbags the seats
and the rest of the cars components
if you rent a glass house made
specifically in one of those places to
immerse people in nature
you can experience incredible scenery
just as beautiful
as you would on a transparent plane in
some of these places
the unique views of the night sky are
priceless
they also blend in the environment
keeping the scenery around it
almost untouched you know those crystal
clear lakes like moraine lake in canada
or blue lake in new zealand which is the
clearest lake in the whole world by the
way
making for absolutely breathtaking views
a kayak ride in them
sounds about right but what about a
transparent kayak
they are very much real even today with
them
you're able to see everything underneath
you
sitting on such a kayak looking down
you're able to realize just how crystal
clear this water actually is
you can make out every tiny detail
underwater
you can see the fish clearly every
pebble
every rock even the sand is crystal
clear